hello everyone this is mr brain junkie
here and today we're going to be talking
about a science fiction film called
guns be ready for some spoilers ahead
the main character k is a college
student in the process of getting a job
interview
he has the habit of getting distracted
like most of us are guilty of
kay takes the subway like usual but this
time he sees a familiar face
the man's name is kato his childhood
friend but they haven't spoken for a
long time
he hears a loud bump and turns around to
see that someone has fallen down into
the train tracks
but everyone just stands there and
expecting the other person to help
resulting in no one helping kato takes a
deep breath
and jumps down into the tracks trying to
save the drunk man from being killed
he sees kaye and tries to ask him for
help but kate pretends like he doesn't
know who kato is
and tries to weasel out the crown
manages to pull the man out with the
help of kato but the train is
approaching very quickly
kay sees this and offers his hand but
gets pulled in and the two gets hit by
the train
when they open their eyes they're still
together but in a room where there is a
large black sphere
there are other people here as well but
no one seems to be talking
they try to get out by the windows and
doors but everything is locked
they are sure that they were hit by the
train but how can they be alive and in
this weird place
others tell them the same thing that
they died and somehow just arrived
here the black sphere lights up and kaye
sees a feet then a hand and a body
materialized right in front of him
it turns out to be a woman named
kishimoto but she's naked and soaking
wet
kato puts his jacket on her and stops
another man from doing the unspeakable
the black sphere starts acting up again
but this time it plays this creepy music
[Music]
everyone is shocked at what's happening
except for one man who appears to be
wearing a combat suit underneath
the sphere tells them that they're dead
and that it controls their new lives now
it then proceeds to tell them to kill
off a creature called the onion
alien it pops open with guns and armors
on the sides
as they approach the sphere they also
see a man sitting inside
they open the suitcases with their names
on it and seize combat suits
same as the ones wore by the man before
no one puts on the armors though
except for the woman who arrived naked
in the first place
their bodies begin disappearing while
everyone panics
they're teleported to an intersection
but no one seems to be around
the man with the armor introduces
himself as nishi
and claims that they're in a reality
show where they need to kill the alien
to win a prize of a hundred thousand
dollars
they see the alien from afar and with
the encouragement of winning money
most of them rushes towards the alien
without any questions
they manage to corner the alien in the
garage and one of the men
shoots at it with his gun nothing
appears to happen at first
but then the alien's arm explodes it
tries to fight back
which angers the whole group resulting
in everyone shooting at it
causing it to explode everywhere just
when they're planning to collect their
prize money
another tall figure appears behind them
the yakuza tries to intimidate the
mysterious figure
but his leg gets chopped off while being
lifted by one hand
while struggling he knocks off the wig
of the tall man
revealing it to be the alien's father
the group shoots in fear
but only manages to hit their teammate
causing him to explode as well
kaye arrives at the garage only to find
kato backing out in fear
just when he's about to be killed
kishimoto tackles the alien
sending it flying into a wall her
strength is magnified by the suit
and i'm sure they must feel pretty silly
right now for not wearing it
the alien recovers quickly and manages
to neutralize the team very easily
k finds his armor missing in the
suitcase so uses it the only way he
could
just when they're about to be killed the
alien is paralyzed by a gunshot from
afar
nishi was following them this whole time
and use the people
as baits he shoots at the alien's head
it screams in pain while explodes
everywhere
they're taken back to the same room but
everyone that died
stays dead surprisingly the old man
managed to survive as well
and is teleported back safely nishi
tells everyone that the sphere is called
guns and it assigns
missions for killing alien invaders the
informations of the dead are kept inside
the guns database
including everyone from previous
missions
gonz gives nishi 5 points for killing
the alien
but nothing for the rest of the team
kato tries to get some answers from
nishi
as this is obviously not his first rodeo
nishi overpowers him and doesn't want to
offer any help
k tells him to let go but the fight is
cut short when gunn sends them all away
k wakes up in his room and has trouble
believing everything was real
but he proceeds to see the after damage
of previous events
such as the train incident that occurred
he has trouble focusing in class
still thinking about what happened last
night while a girl secretly draws him
obviously she's got a crush on the man
and personally i would have asked her
out by now
kaye tries to find the room he was in
yesterday to his surprise
the entire building is missing he goes
to where they fought the aliens
and sees that kishimoto is there as well
she still has the jacket from kato
and wants to return it to him personally
but kay says that he moved 10 years ago
and doesn't know where his current
address is she then surprises kay
by asking whether if she can stay with
him tonight to which he agrees
immediately it's obvious that the girl
doesn't want any action with him though
since we find out that she was kicked
out by her boyfriend which caused her to
commit suicide
but our main character doesn't care and
grab some protection
just in case they accidentally find a
notebook in kato's jacket
which gives his address and shows that
he was in juvie before
meanwhile kato gets nightmares about
what happened but his little brother
tries comforting him
he hears a loud screech and sees himself
disappearing in the mirror
they appear in the same room again but
this time with three other strangers
guns tells them that their target is the
tanaka alien
kato tries to tell everyone to put on
the armor but the new people are too
shocked to listen
the grandma and her grandson gets
teleported first and meets the alien
right away
it opens up its mouth and vaporizes both
of them
k catches sight of the alien mid
teleportation and nearly gets killed by
its blast
just when he's about to be finished off
the alien fires to the side and gets a
direct hit on nishi
it flies towards him and continues to
knock him down to the underground
parking
it continues to hit him until his suit
has malfunctioned
and no longer offers protection kato
jumps down and saves nishi by throwing
the alien away
his strength combined with his suit
manages to squeeze the alien until it
faints away
they check for anish's vitals but he's
dying very quickly
he tells the group to get 100 points so
that they may revive him
but personally i would hesitate to
revive a psychopath like
him the alien jumps up and begins
attacking the group
kato tries to protect kishimoto and gets
knocked around like a ragdoll
with teamwork they managed to land many
hits on the alien
but it seems to be extremely durable it
goes after k
and repeatedly strikes him but k manages
to tap into the suit's potential
and punches the alien away he proceeds
to pummel the alien
and knocks him into a car damaging its
face
it tries to use the laser blast again
but k shoots it with the gun
causing a large explosion k managed to
kill the alien
but also blew his limbs off in the
process
luckily the timer on guns runs out and k
is revived into the room before he dies
he remembers what nishi said about the
100 points and asked
guns to explain apparently when they
reach 100 points
they have the option of reviving someone
or setting themselves free
they're sent back by guns again but this
time kay wore his battle suit
he intends to practice using it getting
ready for the next mission
his new super powers give him some
confidence as he asks the girl out from
his class
she shows him the manga she drew
despicting kay
as a superhero kishimoto finds kato's
address and gives him a surprise meeting
through their conversation we find out
that kato killed his father
but only because the man was abusing his
little brother
he can't die now as he needs to protect
and care for his brother
kishimoto assures kato that he will
survive
they are teleported by guns to the room
again this time with many more new
people
kato tries to tell everyone to put on
the suit but a monk spewing nonsense
makes it very difficult
gonz tells them that their target is the
buddha statue
and they're all teleported away k sees
the statue in front of the temple
and proceeds to examine it closer to all
their surprise
the giant starts moving and begins
stomping on the group
they scatter and some of them runs into
the temple looking for shelter
but it seems that they found something
even more sinister inside
the group surrounds the alien while kay
tries to take it on by himself
although enormous the alien is very
quick for its
size and dodges all the gunfires
eventually k manages to outmaneuver it
from underneath
and destroy it by shooting its head just
when they thought the mission is over
the timer on guns is reset they see one
of their teammates come out from the
temple
wounded and near death the three enters
a room
full of statues and they find the monk's
dead body
full of cuts suddenly kishimoto notices
that a statue of
armed buddha has moved behind k and he
proceeds to attack him furiously with
all
his arms kay is wounded badly as blades
puncture through his body
kato pulls him to safety and tells kay
to rest
kato admits that he has always admired
his friend
and proceeds to attack the alien
although kato gave it his best shot
the alien was too fast and just when
it's about to deal the finishing blow
kishimoto jumps in the way to protect
him
she gets impaled everywhere and drops
onto kato's arms
in her last breath she tells kato to
survive
and reunite with his brother kato
becomes furious with the death of his
friend
and charges at the alien but gets
destroyed very quickly by its swords
seeing his friend wounded to the point
of near death
kate gathers his last resolve against
the monster
he charges towards the alien but
realizes very soon that he can't beat it
in close combat
he sees the gun across the room and
jumps towards it while the alien attacks
he takes the gun and fires it at the
buddha but it blocks the attack with his
swords
the alien drops a small statue on the
floor and it rapidly grows into a giant
breaking through the ceiling of the
building it launches its fist at k
which destroys most of the roof in one
blow
in the face of such powerful enemy k is
unsure of what to do next
kato with his last remaining breath
throws the gun at k
which he catches and shoots at the
buddha's arm destroying it while running
closer to its head
the alien opens its mouth and swallows
kay
but he manages to fire shots in the
giant's mouth
and it screams in pain while it's blown
up from the inside
he runs back to his friend holds his
hand while telling him not to die
kay begins to teleport back to the room
while kato remains motionless
kay sees the remaining survivors but
fails to see his friend
kato's image appears on the screen
verifying his death
k tells gans to bring kato back but he
only earned 20 points in total
he cries while believing that there is
no way he can last until then
feeling hopeless and helpless kay is
unable to function his normal life he
becomes depressed while walking in the
subway station
with his girlfriend he jumps down to the
train tracks
and tries to commit suicide but the girl
pulls him up
saying that she loves him and pleading
for him not to die
with the realization that there are
people who loves him and cares for him
kay resolves to fight with his teammates
to revive all his fallen friends
so what do you guys think about this
movie let me know in the comments below
and if you like my video please press
like and subscribe for more
i'll see you guys next time
you